hi youtube today I got the nerf of
ventures Hawkeye longshot bow this is
the front of the box it's for ages 6 and
up this is the back of the box
you
okay here we go we got it how's the bow
and it shoots up to 40 feet it holds
three darts one dark here for shooting
and a storage two darts here here and
here you can store two darts and one
dart here which you load to shoot it and
it comes with six starts so loaded art
put some extra darts and how you work it
is you load a dart in hold this back and
push this little tiny trigger right here
and a Shabbat
you
okay so let's go check how far they shot
let's go
so from there all the way to over there
is 60 feet so from here to here is about
30 feet and then the very long the one
that shot the varnish which was this one
that actually hit the window would go
past 60 feet so I'd say the farthest the
streets could be about 60 70 feet so bye
YouTube thanks for watching and please
subscribe